

Clinical research professional with over 25 years of experience in Phase I-IV studies, including global trials.  Background includes: clinical operations and project management. Therapeutic experience includes abuse liability studies, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dry age-related macular degeneration (dAMD), metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (MASH), metabolic dysfunction associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), oncology (breast, NSCLC, and colorectal), osteoarthritis, Pain (pediatric), and Psychiatry (Schizophrenia).

Education

MA

Yale University, New Haven, CT, United States

BA

Williams College, Williamstown, MA, United States

Work History

Senior Clinical Trial Manager/Contractor

Real Staffing, Regional, United States

March 2023 – June 2024

Worked in an FSP model for one of Real Staffing’s biotechnology clients

Ensured clinical trials were executed in compliance with ICH/GCP (Good Clinical Practice) guidelines, regulations, and company SOPs

Assisted in the selection, qualification, and management of vendors to support clinical trial execution

Assisted in pre-study site evaluations as well as new site initiations and trainings

Assisted in the development and management of site budgets, timelines and metrics; ensures completion of study deliverables; provides status update reports

Assisted in forecasting clinical trial material & ancillary supplies

Planned and executed study-specific meetings (e.g., clinical sub team meetings) as needed

Reviewed monitoring reports, site audit reports to ensure quality and resolution of site-related issues

Ensured tracking and review of protocol deviations and assessed impact on study data

Assisted in maintaining working study files

Participated in departmental planning sessions, SOP development, clinical document reviews

Managed clinical trial site relationships

Served as a point of contact for vendors and oversaw day to day vendor activities

Initiated and managed cross-functional meetings to ensure alignment with all program stakeholders

Associate Director, Clinical Operations

Altimmune, Inc., Regional, United States

April 2021 - August 2022

Lead/participated in program strategy meetings and contributed to the operational strategy of responsible program/studies.

Responsible for the selection and oversight of external service providers, including CROs and other vendors as necessary.

Served as an escalation point for Clinical Trial Managers, CRAs, or other support staff

Developed and managed clinical trial budgets, providing ongoing financial reporting

Lead/participated in vendor/site budget negotiations and assisted with Clinical Trial Agreements as necessary

Managed responsible study(ies) within agreed timelines and budget and in accordance with internal SOP's and GCPs

Coordinated cross functional efforts to achieve study objectives and goals.

Identified and communicated study issues that would impact budget, resources and timelines.

Provided support/escalation point for study team leads as needed.

Established and maintained relationships with assigned investigator sites, vendors and consultants.

Prepared potential investigator site lists and assisted with their evaluation for inclusion in the study, ensuring proper pre-qualification of clinical sites.

Participated in the preparation, review and finalization of clinical study-related documents such as protocols, protocol amendments, Clinical Study Reports (CSRs), regulatory submissions, and other publications as required.

Ensured documentation prepared internally or by CRO(s) was completed in accordance with GCP regulatory requirements and consistent with the protocol for assigned studies/programs.

Participated in the ongoing and final review of clinical study data to ensure the data was accurate and complete, and assessment of the impact of this data to the study and program.

Ensured Trial Master File was accurate and up to date

Mentored more junior team members.

Lead department initiatives and assisted in the design and implementation of standardized work processes.

Senior Clinical Trial Manager, Clinical Operations

Altimmune Inc., Regional, United States

September 2020 - April 2021

Lead in creating and managing the study project plan, including timeline, vendors, budget, and resources

Ensured assigned study objectives are achieved by working with all stakeholders to set project priorities and milestones and resolve project conflicts from concept through final CSR

Developed and tracks study timelines and quality metrics

Ensured GCP and regulatory compliance is maintained through creation and management of CQP with Altimmune Quality group

Lead in the development of study-related documents, including study protocols, informed consent documents, study manuals and plans, trial master files, case report form design, etc.

Lead in the logistics of IP, clinical lab samples and ancillary supply shipments

Maintained professional expertise through familiarity with therapeutic areas

Managed, mentored, and developed direct reports, including Clinical Trial Managers

Attended regularly scheduled cross-functional study team meetings with internal and external resources, CROs and site staff

Lead and/or participated in CRO and other vendor selection and management

Participated in meetings with investigative sites, key opinion leaders and consultants as needed

Proactively identified and resolved issues, and participated in process improvement initiatives as required

Responded promptly and appropriately to study questions and issues raised by investigative sites, vendors, monitors, and consultants

Managed clinical monitoring activities ensuring compliance with Good Clinical Practices (GCP) and applicable regulations

Reviewed serious adverse events and other pertinent data with the medical monitor and drug safety personnel to identify safety trends and potential risks

Ensured the ongoing compilation and reconciliation of the Trial Master File

Senior Study Manager (Contractor)

ExecuPharm, Inc., Regional, United States

December 2019 - September 2020

Worked in an FSP model for one of ExecuPharm’s large pharmaceutical clients

Operational point of contact for trial execution and all trial deliverables

Managed all Headquarters (HQ) Operational Activities, including: establishes, leads and manages Clinical Trial Team (CTT), supports clinical (drug/vaccine) supplies planning

Managed deployment and interactions with external vendors [e.g. Interactive Voice Response System (IVRS), Patient Reported Outcomes (PRO)]

Initiated planning for Investigator meetings and protocol training

Planned and assessed protocol ancillary supplies

Completed trial set-up and maintained SPECTRUM

Scheduled and prepared for the Recruitment Planning Meeting for the CTT

Initiated recruitment/retention planning & enrollment tracking

Tracked study related details (e.g., specimens, queries)

Oversaw protocol training activities including Investigator Meetings (IM) and Clinical Research Associate (CRA) training meetings

Ensured appropriate postings to investigative site portals

Responsible for operational deliverables in preparation for site ready, country allocation, and achievement of recruitment targets (with input from others)

Point of escalation for study related operational issues

Responsible for operational details at Operational Reviews

Responsible for creating and maintaining project schedule and collaborating with Program Lead

Sets up and maintains Trial Master File (eTMF)

Ensured alignment of budget with protocol needs

Responsible for executing protocol within the budget

Responsible for risk assessment, mitigation planning and execution

Responsible for creating and maintaining Actions, Decisions, Issues (ADI) Logs

Developed Site Monitoring Plan (SMP) with input from the monitoring excellence group

Developed study related manuals (e.g., administrative binder, lab manuals)

Co-authored newsletters with Clinical Scientist (CS)

Responsible for end of study reconciliation (clinical and ancillary supplies)

Responsible for ongoing monitoring of trial activities, e.g. dashboards, tracking

Supported CS activities as needed to achieve CTT deliverables

Interfaced with External Data Coordination and Data Management

Responsible for quality control and inspection readiness at all times

Completed training assigned by Client and/or EP, as necessary, including general training requirements, SOPs, and system and process related training

Adhered to EP and Client SOPs and processes

Clinical Trial Manager

Kolon TissueGene, Inc., Regional, United States

July 2016 - December 2019

Supported the Sr. CTM to ensure all trial deliverables are met according to timelines, budget, operational procedures and quality standards.

Participated in the evaluation and selection of required vendors, including contract and budget negotiation and day to day management of vendor activities.

Managed Strategic Partners (i.e. Contract Research Organizations, (CROs), Central and Core Laboratories, etc.) to ensure adherence to scope of work within timelines and budget.

Supported the development, management and tracking of trial budget working closely with finance partners including review of Task Orders, Change Orders, Invoice approval and financial reconciliation for assigned study.

Ensured the accuracy of trial information in all trial databases and tracking systems.

Contributed to the ongoing review of clinical data, trial data analysis, reporting and publishing.

Served as a point of contact for managing/answering questions related to trial procedures.

Organized and chaired sub-teams within the scope of delegated responsibilities

Oversaw CRO monitoring activities which included review of site management activities, review of monitoring reports (trip and remote) for assigned sites/projects and review of Corrective Action Preventive Action Plans (CAPAs) including metrics tracking.

Oversaw preparation activities for GCP audits.

Reviewed and negotiated investigative site budgets and agreements and escalates issues to Sr. CTM as needed.

Proactively identified potential risks to successful trial conduct including site enrollment targets, data capture issues, and general site performance issues.

Conducted data listing reviews to track data quality metrics.

Supported clinical document (i.e. protocol, informed consent, clinical study report, etc.) writing efforts

Established and lead internal project team meetings

Conducted monitoring oversight visits of CRO CRAs

Presented trial status reports to management

Therapeutic Experience

MASH

MAFLD

Barth’s Syndrome

dAMD

CNS

ADHD

Oncology

Hematology

Neurology

Endocrinology

Psychiatry

Osteoarthritis

Chronic Pain (trials: 2, phases: I/II, III)

Breast Cancer (trials: 4, phases: III)Colorectal Cancer (trials: 1, phases: II)

NSCLC (trials: 6, phases: II, III)ADHD (trials: 3, phases: III)Abuse Liability (trials: 2, phases: I/II, II)

Schizophrenia (trials: 2, phase:  III)

Osteoarthritis (trials: 2, phase: III)

MASH (trials: 3, phase: I)

MAFLD (trials: 1, phase: I)

Barth’s Syndrome (trials: 1, Phase IV)

Dry Aged Related Macular Degeneration (trials: 2, Phase III)

Countries

Australia

Canada

Czechia

Finland

France

Germany

Hungary

Italy

Mexico

Netherlands

New Zealand

Poland

Spain

United Kingdom

United States

Abstracts

M. Scott Harris, Stephen Harrison, John Nestor, Sarah Browne, Jacques Payne, Staci Steele,

Robert Casper, Anvar Suyundikov, Vyjayanthi Krishnan, Scot Roberts, Joyce James.  Pemvidutide (ALT 801), a novel GLP-1/Glucagon dual receptor agonist, achieves rapid and potent reductions in body weight and liver fat: Results of a placebo-controlled, double-blinded, first-in-human (FIH) clinical trial.  Abstracts of The European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL), International Congress,

22 Jun 2022.

Samuel Klein, John Nestor, M. Scott Harris, Jacques D. Payne, Staci M. Steele, Robert Casper, Anvar Suyundikov, Vyjayanthi Krishnan, M. Scot Roberts, Sara K. Browne.  Pemvidutide (ALT-801), a

balanced GLP-1/glucagon dual receptor agonist, induces rapid weight loss and improves cardiometabolic biomarkers in overweight/obese people.  Abstracts of the American Diabetes Association (ADA). 82nd Scientifics Sessions, 3-7 Jun 2022.

M. Scott Harris, John Nestor, Joyce James, Sarah K. Browne, Jacques D. Payne, Staci M. Steele, Robert Casper, Anvar Suyundikov, Vyjayanthi Krishnan, M. Scot Roberts, Stephen A. Harrison.  A placebo-controlled, double-blind, first-in-human study of Pemvidutide (ALT-801), a novel GLP-1/glucagon dual receptor agonist for the treatment of NASH and obesity.  Therapeutic Agents for Non-alcoholic

Steatohepatitis and Liver Fibrosis (NASH-TAG), 6-8 Jan 2022.

System Experience

Clinical Trial Management Systems: Siebel Clinical (CTMS), Spectrum (CTMS)

EDC: Oracle Clinical - RDC, Oracle InForm, DataLabs, Medidata RAVE

MS 365 and MS Project

eTMF: Veeva Vault